Now that that's out the way,
we can start working on our player.
And the player is gonna go down here
where the obvious empty space is
right here where it says player.
And we already have a space carved out for
it, everything is ready,
all we have to do is build it out.
So what we're gonna do is, make a new
component inside of the components folder.
We're gonna call that playerBar.tsx,
actually looks like already created it so
yeah.
PlayerBar.tsx, and
inside of it all we're gonna do
is import a Box and
a Flex from chakra layout like that.
And I'm just gonna make a Hello World
component, like I always do
just to get this thing on a page so we can
actually see it while we're designing it.
Return a Box, Like so,
and then we're gonna use this player
bar inside of the player layout.
Right where you see the word
player that we typed in or
whatever placeholder text
you might have placed.
It's just gonna go right underneath
where we rendering the children,
which is underneath the sidebar.
So just gonna replace that
with a player bar, so
I'm gonna import my PlayerBar,
and I'm gonna render it here.
And now if I go back to my page I can see
that now the player ball component is now
actually been rendered,
and we are good to go.
We're ready to style this thing, so
the PlayerBar's gonna be the container.
It's not actually gonna
have all the controls and
the buttons we'll make another component
of that cuz that components can be huge.
Cuz there's so much state we have to
keep track of and, animations and,
there's a lot.
So the player bars is gonna be
a container for everything and
it will make a sub component inside of
it that does all the other cool stuff.
So as far as the container goes,
if we look at the design one more time.
It just looks like a dark gray
box with some padding in it, and
it just lays out three different columns.
We got one column on the left her,
we got one column here in the middle, and
then we have this one column on the right.
So that's basically
the job of this PlayerBar,
containers is to do the right coloring
background and get the columns right.
And then each one of these columns will
be like their own component basically, so
let's do that.
Let's head over to this PlayerBar here,
and we'll get started.
Because we are making those columns,
we're gonna use flex here so,
that's gotta be a thing.
And we'll probably be
getting started with that but
before let's get the container set.
I believe we carved out 100 pixels and
margin for that space,
so I'm just gonna just reinforce that.
And make this box also have a height
of 100 pixels just to be explicit,
so it's hey you're 100 pixels.
And then as far as the width, it's full
width so we can say 100 view width,
that'll give us a full width.
Background we're gonna do gray.900,
which is as close to black as we can
get without actually, being black.
And then padding is going to
be about 10 pixels all around.
And then because we have
those three columns,
it makes sense to just go ahead and
do a flex immediately, like so.
And then we wanna make sure that all those
columns are even, and things like that.
So we'll just say align,
Center just to make sure it's all good.
Maybe the padding may help, we might
not need that, but we'll try that.
And then once we get here, what we're
gonna work on is the first column so
the first column is gonna be,
this information over here.
So we'll do the song name, and
the artist name, so we'll do that.
So I'm just gonna go ahead and just make
it inline right now, we could probably
take this out and make another component
later depending on how big it gets.
But for now is gonna make it here,
it's gonna be a box, and
it's going to have some padding on it.
Let's add some padding I don't know
about 20 pixels something like that,
we'll do some padding here.
The text is gonna be white so
I'm gonna say color white, Like that.
And then like I said,
we're not gonna do the album arts,
we're just gonna do the song title and
then the artist name.
So we really just need to
get the text component, and
we'll just put two text things here.
And they stack on top of each other
by default, which is what we want, so
we got one text, we got another one.
And the first one would just be
the name of the artists or I'm sorry,
the name of the song.
So I'm just gonna hard code
something called song name here,
and then the next one will
just be the artists name.
So then I'll say artists name here,
I'll save that so
we can see, how close we are as
far as what it looks like.
We'll go back we'll check it out, and
you can see here we got the song name,
we got the artist name,
we need to adjust them.
I think the song needs to be way
bigger compared to the artist name.
So, we'll go to this first text for
the song name and
we'll give it a font size of large.
You could just spell it out like that and
then for the artist name,
we'll give it a fontSize of small
which should just be sm, like that.
So now I got those two I'm just
gonna capitalize this, there we go.
So we got the song name we got the artist
name, looking a little better here.
And then the next thing that we wanna
do is we want to make a column for
the the player like the actual controls,
right?
But before that we gotta think about like
how big we want these columns to be.
So, if all columns combined is 100%,
what is the width of this section
compared to, everything else?
I mean if we look at the design,
just roughly looking at it,
I mean you have to account for
the invisible space.
I mean this thing is centered, I would
say that, the column on the left and
the column on the right
are the same size and width.
And obviously the one in the middle
is bigger so, I would say something
that seems about right is,
making this 30%, making this 30%.
Which makes this one 40%, so
this one is 40% these two are 30, cuz
if this one is leading on the left I mean
this column actaully ends here, right?
And then this one stops here, yeah so
there actually bigger than they look they
just dont have that much content in them.
Or they have actually one, two,
three, four, five columns and
these two columns are just empty spaces,
that could also be the fact.
But, I'm not a fan of adding empty flex
columns, I don't really like doing that.
It's a tactic that people use it works but
that's not something I do,
I'm just gonna make these bigger so, I'm
just gonna make this one a width of 30%.
And then as far as the controls, that'll
just be in its own box right underneath
and that will have a width of 40%.
And then I could put in
like controls here, and
we'll kind of see what that looks like.
So I'll go back, we'll check it out yeah,
that seems about right controls
are gonna start right here.
They'll come mostly to the middle and
then something else that other
controls will go here on the right.
So, that seems about right if not
we'll adjust the percentages of that.